Create a set of related classes to manage vehicle sales data from a supplied file.
The class definitions will include composition and inheritance, and the organization of the objects
made from these classes will demonstrate polymorphism.

Rules:
1. Print these three lines of text into the console
    a. "HW3 - Vehicle Sales"
    b. "Solution by [name]"
    c. A blank line

2. Defind a Brand class to maintain information about individual brands of vehicles.
Each object of this class must contain the brand name (Nissan, Toyota...) and a list of
all the models of that brand found in the data file.

3. Define a Model class to maintain information about a single model of vehicle. 
The data fields in each object of this class must include the brand name, model name, and
an object containing sales data for that model for one calendar year (12 integer values)

4. Define a Sales class to hold one calendar year's worth of sales data, by month, for
a single brand and model of vehicle (ex. Ford Escape). You will need one object of this 
type in each instance of the Model class

5. Define a menu that will give the user the following choices by number:
    a. Import Vehicle Sales Data from a file   
    b. Display a list of annual sales counts for all vehicle Brands and Models found
    in the data file. Include the aggregate sales data for all models of each brand 
    for the entire calendar year.
    c. Display a list of monthly sales counts for all vehicle Brands and Models found in 
	the data file. Include the aggregate sales data for all models of each brand for the 
	entire calendar year.
	d. Display a list of annual sales totals for all Models of a single, user-selected
	Brand found in the data file. Include the aggregate sales data for all models of 
	the selected brand for the entire calendar year.
	e. Display a list of monthly sales totals for all Models of a single, user-selected Brand 
	found in the data file. Include the aggregate sales data for all models of the selected 
	brand for the entire calendar year.
	f. Exit
	
6. To import the vehicle sales data, open the file "US Vehicle Model Sales by Month 2025.txt"
and read it as a tab-separated-values file. 
Note that there are several lines of text before the column headings in this file.
	
7. When displaying saled data, follow these guidelines and include thosands separators:
    a. All the fields must be alligned in columns
    b. Brand and Model names must be left-justified
    c. Sales values must be right justified and include thousands separators

8. Allow the user to repeart the process of making choices from the menu until
they choose the Exit option
	
9. Print the message "HW3 Complete" into the console.

10. Each class definition must be in its own file

	
	
	
	
	
	