Create a Contact list using Object-Oriented Programming.
The program must:
    1. allow you to enter new contacts from the console or to import them from a file
    2. display a list of all contacts
    3. export all contacts, and to delete a single contact based on first and last names

Rules:
1. Print these lines of text onto the console:
    a. "HW2 - Contact List"
    b. "Solution by [name]"
    c. A blank line
2. Define a Contact class containing at least the following data fields:
    a. First name
    b. Last name
    c. Birthdate
3. Create a list to hold all your Contact objects. 
The list must be maintained in alphabetical order, sorted by Last name and then First name

4. Define a menu that will give the user the following choices by number:
    a. Enter a new Contact from the console
    b. Import Contacts from a file
    c. Display all Contacts on the console
    d. Export all Contacts to a file
    e. Delete a single Contact
    f. Exit

5. To Enter a new Contact from the console, read the contact information from the console.
Allow the user to enter the new Contact's Birthdate with the same validation rules as used for dates in HW1. 
Store the First Name and Last Name in lowercase text.

6. To import contacts, open a file named "Contacts.csv" and read all the data from it, creating new Contacts from that data.

7. Output to the console must display Contact information in the following format:
    a. "Last Name, First Name   Birthdate   Age"
    b. Both parts of the name must be in title case
    c. Display the date as yyyy-mm-dd (isodateformat)
    d. Calculate the age based on the current year (do not hard-code the current year into the program)
    e. All the fields must be alligned in columns

8. When exporting all Contacts, use the filename "Contacts.csv" (same as import)

9. To Delete a single Contact, ask the user for the first and last names of the Contact to be deleted. 
If the Contact exists, confirm their choice before deleting the Contact.
If the Contact does not exist, inform the user before returning to the main menu.

10. Allow the user to repeat the process of making choices from the menu until they choose the Exit option.
11. Print the message, "HW2 Complete" on the console